Database Connection String Updates for Pooling, pgBouncer, and SSL mode (#785)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/deploy.md

$ yarn rw prisma migrate dev # creates and applies a new Prisma DB migration	
```

> > Note: when setting your Production DATABASE_URL envar, be sure to also set any connection pooling or sslmode parameters. For example, if using Supabase Postgres with pooling, then you would use a connection string similar to `postgresql://postgres:mydb.supabase.co:6432/postgres?sslmode=require&pgbouncer=true` that uses a specific 6432 port, informs Prisma to consider pgBouncer, and also to use SSL. See: [Connection Pooling](https://redwoodjs.com/docs/connection-pooling) for more info.

Reviewer: - typo
```suggestion
> Note: when setting your production DATABASE_URL env var, be sure to also set any connection-pooling or sslmode parameters. For example, if using Supabase Postgres with pooling, then you would use a connection string similar to `postgresql://postgres:mydb.supabase.co:6432/postgres?sslmode=require&pgbouncer=true` that uses a specific 6432 port, informs Prisma to consider pgBouncer, and also to use SSL. See: [Connection Pooling](https://redwoodjs.com/docs/connection-pooling) for more info.
```
